we have here with us the Lenovo IdeaPad
y5 Samedi laptop it can be considered a
budget gaming laptop it has an Intel
Core i7 processor inside that's quad
core and then nvidia 555 graphics which
medium to high graphics card and
certainly can play some of the more
recent games the design of the y 570 is
pretty interesting the case is actually
kind of got a purple tint to it finish
it even carries air but just some of the
light you see on the media buttons at
the top we have which have a purple kind
of tint and the power button though has
a white light you'll see that has JBL
branded speakers here so it has a pretty
nice sound system on it
the screen is 15 inches it's a 1368 1366
by 768 resolution right now minobii you
cannot upgrade that so that's the
highest you can go unfortunately that's
pretty low for this size laptop but
having said that if you're into gaming
that's a pretty good resolution to have
the left side of this laptop has a
couple USB 2.0 ports an Ethernet port
microphone headphone then a monitor out
in HDMI we swing around to the right
side of the laptop remove it here a
little hard to see there but it's a
couple USB 3.0 ports and you have the
optical drive it's just a regular
trailering Drive and then you have the
power jack on the back right there the
screen itself has a glossy finish
although it's not too reflective you'll
see that the actual bezel itself is
reflecting more than the screen the
price if we zoom in here on the lenovo
website you'll see starts to $7.99 which
is why it's a budget laptop for this
class it's a really good price just take
a look at the light here so you can see
how the design is there
it's kind of like a we've sort of
finished and it's a brush metal look
underneath that and then you get the
Lenovo badge here and you can see that
there's an orange rim around the lid as
well you stay tuned to laptop reviews
calm we'll have a full review coming up
soon